# GE1 Assignment Chris Finn

My proposal for my assignment is a small, cubish, minecraft-esque world that reacts to the music that is being played. I will create a character which is controlled by the player with a 1st person view. There will be a sort of "Staging area" in which the player can control some of the things occurring within the world. The player may be able to control the song playing, control the volume, and randomize the color of the cubes as they react to the song that's playing. My idea is to take the audio visualiser I made a while ago for an assignment I had and integrate the new thing's ive learned and expand upon what I already knew. It will be an evolved version of what I made a while ago. 

 I am still unsure of exactly what I want to add into this world but I am pretty set on the basic idea of a world reacting to audio. However, I don't plan on making the entire world react to the music. If the entire world, inlcuding the ground of the world is bouncing around it may be a little too much if the player wants to explore the area, so I will have key areas that will react to the music. These key areas will include things such as "audio mountains", there may be "audio rivers", "audio caves", an "audio forest", etc. These will be fun little areas or vistas that the player can view. I am still unsure what my limit will be, however, I want to make the world feel alive due to the music, make it vibrant and interesting, and give the player some control over what is happening. The staging area will be like a DJ Booth at a live show. I will try to add in multiple cameras around the place that the player can change to in order to get a different perspective of whatever they wish to view.
 
 The whole idea is to give the player something they can enjoy watching and also interact with. I am still coming up with things to add to the project and considering leaving some things out, but the basic premise will remain.
